Hello, I'm Elf.
It's great to share with you
a little bit about Spacemesh.
For me, one of the things
that Spacemesh appeals to me most
is that it allows everyone to
participate equally in mining.
For today's
blockchain enthusiasts,
they mainly focus on
speculating or selling coins,
They barely
mine a token of themselves.
I think it's a pity.
Spacemesh, on the other hand,
is a great way to make up
for that for many people.
I believe,
In the next one, two or five years,
whether you are a
newcomer or a veteran,
Spacemesh will make it highly possible
to genrate the first token of your own,
just by using your PC.
For that, I am very
optimistic about this project,
and very excited about it.
Well, good luck with SpaceMesh!